# File structure

## Create React App

1. `npx create-react-app my-app`
2. `npm create vite@latest`

## create-react-app

### Public

1. `public\manifest.json` => The web app manifest provides information about an application (such as name, author, icon, and description) in a JSON text file. The purpose of the manifest is to install web applications to the home-screen of a device, providing users with quicker access and a richer experience.

2. `public\index.html` => Entry point for App, where /src/main.jsx module loaded

3. `public\robots.txt` => The most important reason for this is to keep the entire sections of a website private so that no robots can access it. It also helps to prevent search engines from indexing certain files. Moreover, it also specifies the location of the sitemap.

### Package.json

1. package.json is a metadata file in a Node.js project that describes the project's dependencies, scripts, configuration, and other details.

2. Package 2.4.6 => 2 = Major version; 4 = minor version; 6 = patch
3. tilde (~) => accept only further patch releases from the version specified
4. caret (^) => accept both patch and minor releases from the version specified

### package-lock.json

1. package-lock.json is a file that is automatically generated by npm when a package is installed. It records the exact version of every installed dependency, including its sub-dependencies and their versions.

### src\index.js

1. initial point of entry for your React application coded in JavaScript
2. The React StrictMode helps to identify and detect various warnings/errors during the development phase
3. reportWebVitals => you can send any of the results to an analytics endpoint to measure and track real user performance on your site.
